{"pages":["Tab 1","Pappakovil-Nagapatttinam (AUTONOMOUS ) SKILL DEVELOPMENT CELL Activity 2 : AI TOOL RESEARCH TASK Summitted by: NAME: RAGAVI M REGISTER NO: 821725243037 Dept.: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND DATASCIENCE YEAR: 1st YEAR SUBMISSION DATE: 05.03.2026","Tab 2","CONTENT 1. Runway ML 2. Synthesia 3. Leonardo AI 4. Pictory 5. Lumen5 6. Otter. AI 7. DeepL 8. Remove. bg 9. Copy. ai 10. Jaeper AI 11. Notion AI 12. QuillBot 13. Grammarly 14. Perplexity 15. Midjourney 16. Krisp AI 17. Murf AI 18. Firefiles AI 19. Looka 20 Durable AI","Tab 3","1.RUNWAY ML Link: https://runwayml.com/ Interface : Logo : Introduction : Runway ML is an AI tool used to create and edit videos, images, and visual effects. It was developed in 2018. It helps creators, designers, and filmmakers make creative content easily using artificial intelligence. Key Features: Text-to-video generation Image-to-video conversion AI video editing tools Background removal Visual effects creation Easy to use interface Versions : Gen-1 – Video editing model Gen-2 – Text-to-video model https://runwayml.com/","Gen-3 – Improved video generation Gen-4 – High-quality AI video model Application : Film making Social media videos Advertising and marketing Education videos Game design. Advantages: Easy to use Saves time No coding needed Creates high quality videos Useful for creators and designers Conclusion : Runway ML is a powerful AI tool for creating and editing videos. It helps users generate creative content quickly and easily. The tool is useful for filmmakers, designers, and content creators. With its advanced AI technology, Runway ML makes video production faster and more innovative.","Tab 4","2.SYNTHESIA Link:https://www.synthesia.io/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Synthesia is an AI tool used to create videos with AI avatars. Users can type text and the AI avatar will speak the text in a video. It is widely used for training videos, presentations, and educational content. Key Features: AI avatar video creation Text-to-video technology Multiple language support Custom avatars Easy video editing Version: Free demo Personal plan Creator plan Enterprise plan Application : https://www.synthesia.io/","Training videos Educational content Marketing videos Business presentation Advantages : Easy to use Saves time in video creation No camera or actors needed Supports many languages Creates professional videos Conclusion : Synthesia is a powerful AI tool for creating videos with AI avatars. It helps users make professional videos quickly and easily. This tool is very useful for businesses, teachers, and content creators.","Tab 5","3.LEONARDO AI Link: https://leonardo.ai/ Interfacce Logo : Introduction : Leonardo AI is an AI tool used to create images and digital artwork from text prompts. Users can type a description and the AI will generate creative images. It is widely used by designers, artists, and game developers. Key features: Text-to-image generation High quality image creation Custom style generation Image editing tools Easy to use interface https://leonardo.ai/","Version : Free plan Apprentice plan Artisan plan Maestro plan. Application : Digital art creation Game character design Social media graphics Marketing and advertising images Creative design projects Advantages : Easy to use Generates images quickly High quality results Many creative styles available Useful for designers and artists. Conclusion : Leonardo AI is a powerful AI tool for creating digital images and artwork. It helps users generate creative designs quickly using artificial intelligence. This tool is very useful for artists, designers, and content creators.","Tab 6","4.PICTORY Link: https://pictory.ai/ Interface: Logo: Introduction : Pictory is an AI tool used to create videos from text or articles. Users can convert scripts, blogs, or text into short videos automatically. It is widely used by content creators, marketers, and educators. Key features: Text-to-video generation Automatic video editing AI voiceover support Video summarization Easy to use interface Version : Free trial Starter plan Professional plan https://pictory.ai/","Application : YouTube videos Social media content Marketing videos Educational videos Business presentations Advantages : Easy to use Saves time in video creation No video editing skills needed Creates professional videos Useful for content creators Conclusion : Pictory is a useful AI tool for creating videos from text quickly. It helps users produce professional video content easily. This tool is very helpful for marketers, educators, and content creators.","Tab 7","5.LUMEN5 Link: https://lumen5.com/ Interface: Logo: Introduction : Lumen5 is an AI tool used to create videos from text and blog content. Users can convert articles or scripts into engaging videos automatically. It is widely used by marketers, businesses, and content creators. Key features: Text-to-video generation AI video editing tools Large media library Drag and drop interface Custom branding options Version : Free plan Basic plan Starter plan Professional plan https://lumen5.com/","Application : Social media videos Marketing content Educational videos Business presentations Blog to video conversion Advantages: Easy to use Saves time in video creation No professional editing skills needed Creates attractive videos Useful for marketing and social media Conclusion : Lumen5 is a powerful AI tool for creating videos from text content. It helps users produce engaging videos quickly and easily. This tool is very useful for marketers, businesses, and content creators.","Tab 8","6.OTTER. AI Link: https://otter.ai/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Otter.ai is an AI tool used to convert speech into text automatically. It records meetings, lectures, and conversations and converts them into written notes. It is widely used by students, teachers, and professionals. Key features: Speech-to-text transcription Real-time note taking Meeting recording Speaker identification Easy to use interface Version : Free plan Pro plan https://otter.ai/","Team plan Enterprise plan Application : Online meetings Lecture notes Interviews Business meetings Educational purposes Advantages : Saves time in note taking Accurate speech recognition Easy to use Works in real time Useful for students and professionals Conclusion : Otter.ai is a helpful AI tool for converting speech into text. It makes note taking easier during meetings and lectures. This tool is very useful for students, teachers, and professionals.","Tab 9","7.DeepL Link: https://www.deepl.com/ Interface : Logo Introduction : DeepL is an AI tool used for translating text from one language to another. It provides accurate and natural translations using artificial intelligence. It is widely used by students, professionals, and businesses. Key Features: AI language translation High accuracy translations Multiple language support Text and document translation Easy to use interface Version : Free plan Starter plan Advanced plan https://www.deepl.com/","Ultimate plan Application : Language translation Business communication Educational purposes Document translation Website translation Advantages : Very accurate translations Easy to use Supports many languages Fast translation Useful for students and professionals Conclusion : DeepL is a powerful AI translation tool. It helps users translate text quickly and accurately. This tool is very useful for communication and learning different languages.","Tab 10","8.REMOVE. bg Link: https://www.remove.bg/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Remove.bg is an AI tool used to remove the background from images automatically. Users can upload a photo and the AI will remove the background in a few seconds. It is widely used by designers, photographers, and content creators. Key features: Automatic background removal High quality image processing Fast image editing Supports different image formats Easy to use interface https://www.remove.bg/","Version : Free plan Pay-as-you-go plan Subscription plan Enterprise plan Application : Photo editing Graphic design E-commerce product images Social media content Marketing materials Advantages : Very easy to use Removes background quickly Saves editing time High quality output Useful for designers and businesses Conclusion : Remove.bg is a useful AI tool for removing image backgrounds quickly. It helps users edit photos easily without complex software. This tool is very helpful for designers, photographers, and content creators.","Tab 11","9.Copy. ai Link: https://www.copy.ai/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Copy.ai is an AI tool used to generate written content automatically. Users can create marketing content, blogs, and social media captions using AI. It is widely used by marketers, writers, and businesses. Key features: AI content generation Blog and article writing Social media caption creation Marketing copy generation Easy to use interface Version: Free plan Pro plan Team plan Enterprise plan https://www.copy.ai/","Application : Blog writing Marketing content Social media posts Email writing Business communication Advantages : Saves time in content writing Easy to use Generates ideas quickly Useful for marketing Helps improve productivity Conclusion : Copy.ai is a powerful AI tool for generating written content. It helps users create marketing and social media content easily. This tool is very useful for writers, marketers, and businesses.","Tab 12","10.JASPER. AI Link: https://www.jasper.ai/ Interface : Logo : Introduction : Jasper AI is an AI tool used to create written content automatically. It helps users generate blogs, marketing content, and social media posts using artificial intelligence. It is widely used by marketers, writers, and businesses. Key features : AI content generation Blog and article writing Marketing copy creation Social media content generation https://www.jasper.ai/","Easy to use interface Version Creator plan Pro plan Business plan Application: Blog writing Marketing content Social media posts Email writing Business communication Advantages : Saves time in writing Easy to use Generates content quickly Improves productivity Useful for marketers and writers Conclusion : Jasper AI is a powerful AI writing tool. It helps users create content quickly and easily. This tool is very useful for marketers, businesses, and content creators.","Tab 13","11.NOTION. AI Link: https://www.notion.so/product/ai Interface : Logo : Introduction : Notion AI is an AI tool used to help users write, organize notes, and manage tasks. It helps people create content, summarize information, and improve productivity. It is widely used by students, teams, and professionals. Key features: AI writing assistant Note summarization Task and project management Content generation Easy to use interface Version : Free plan Plus plan https://www.notion.so/product/ai","Business plan Enterprise plan Application : Note taking Project management Content writing Team collaboration Study and research Advantages : Easy to use Helps organize work Saves time in writing Improves productivity Useful for students and teams Conclusion : Notion AI is a helpful AI tool for writing and organizing information. It helps users manage tasks and create content easily. This tool is very useful for students, professionals, and teams.","Tab 14","12.QUILLBOT Link:https://quillbot.com/ Interface : Logo : Introduction: QuillBot is an AI tool used to improve writing. It helps users rewrite sentences, correct grammar, and summarize text. It is widely used by students, writers, and professionals. � Key features : Paraphrasing (rewriting sentences) Grammar checker Text summarizer Plagiarism checker AI writing assistant Version : Free plan Premium plan Team plan AISAAS Trends https://quillbot.com/","Application Assignment writing Article and blog writing Content editing Research and study Business communication Advantages : Improves writing quality Easy to use Saves time in editing Helps avoid plagiarism Useful for students and writers Conclusion : QuillBot is a useful AI writing tool. It helps users rewrite and improve text easily. This tool is very helpful for students, writers, and professionals.","Tab 15","13.GRAMMARLY Link: https://www.grammarly.com/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Grammarly is an AI tool used to improve writing by checking grammar, spelling, and punctuation. It helps users write clear and correct sentences. It is widely used by students, teachers, and professionals. Key features: Grammar and spelling checker Writing suggestions Tone detection Plagiarism checker AI writing assistant Version : Free plan Pro plan Enterprise plan https://www.grammarly.com/","Application : Essay writing Email writing Business communication Academic writing Content editing Advantages : Improves writing quality Easy to use Corrects grammar mistakes Saves editing time Useful for students and professionals Conclusion : Grammarly is a useful AI writing assistant. It helps users write clear and correct sentences. This tool is very helpful for students, writers, and professionals.","Tab 16","14.PERPLEXITY Link: https://www.perplexity.ai/ Interface: Logo : Introduction : Perplexity AI is an AI-powered search tool that helps users find information on the internet. It gives direct answers to questions by searching and summarizing information from different websites. It is widely used by students, researchers, and professionals. Key features: AI-powered search engine Real-time information from the web Source citations for answers File upload and analysis Easy to use interface Version: Free plan https://www.perplexity.ai/","Pro plan Enterprise Pro plan Max plan Application : Online research Academic study Content creation Information search Data analysis Advantages : Provides fast answers Shows sources for information Easy to use Helpful for research Saves time in searching Conclusion : Perplexity AI is a powerful AI search tool. It helps users find accurate information quickly. This tool is very useful for students, researchers, and professionals.","Tab 17","15.MIDJOURNEY Link:https://www.midjourney.com/ Interface : Logo : Introduction : Midjourney is an AI tool used to create images from text descriptions. Users type a prompt and the AI generates digital artwork and pictures. It is widely used by artists, designers, and content creators. Key features: Text-to-image generation High-quality digital artwork Image editing and variations Style customization Easy to create creative designs https://www.midjourney.com/","Version : Version 5 Version 6 Version 6.1 Version 7 (latest model) Application: Digital art creation Graphic design Game design Social media graphics Marketing content Advantages : Creates images quickly High-quality results Easy to use Many creative styles Useful for designers and artists Conclusion : Midjourney is a powerful AI image generation tool. It helps users create creative images using simple text prompts. This tool is very useful for artists, designers, and content creators.","Tab 18","16.kRISP AI Link: https://krisp.ai/ Interface: Logo: Introduction : Krisp is an AI tool used to remove background noise during online calls and meetings. It improves voice clarity by filtering unwanted sounds like traffic, keyboard noise, or people talking nearby. It is widely used in online meetings, call centers, and remote work. Key features: AI noise cancellation Meeting transcription Meeting recording AI meeting notes and summaries Accent conversion for clear communication https://krisp.ai/","Version : Free plan Pro plan Business plan Enterprise plan Application : Online meetings Call center communication Remote work calls Online classes Business communication Advantages : Removes background noise Improves voice clarity Easy to use Works with many meeting apps Saves time in meetings Conclusion : Krisp AI is a useful tool for improving communication in online meetings. It removes background noise and helps users focus on conversations. This tool is very helpful for professionals, teams, and remote workers.","Tab 19","17.MURF. AI Link: https://murf.ai/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Murf AI is an AI tool used to convert text into natural human-like voice. Users can type text and the AI will generate voice narration. It is widely used by content creators, teachers, and marketers. Key features: Text-to-speech voice generation Natural sounding voices Multiple language support Voice customization Easy to use interface https://murf.ai/%EF%BF%BD","Version : Free plan Creator plan Pro plan Enterprise plan Application : Video voiceovers YouTube videos E-learning content Advertisements Presentations Advantages : Easy to use Saves time in recording High quality voice output No microphone needed Supports many languages Conclusion : Murf AI is a useful AI tool for creating voiceovers from text. It helps users generate natural sounding speech easily. This tool is very helpful for content creators, teachers, and businesses.","Tab 20","18.FIREFILES AI Link: https://fireflies.ai/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Fireflies.ai is an AI tool used to record, transcribe, and summarize meetings automatically. It helps users capture conversations and convert them into written notes. It is widely used by students, teams, and businesses for online meetings. Key features Automatic meeting recording Speech-to-text transcription AI meeting summaries Action item extraction Meeting search and collaboration tools Version : Free plan https://fireflies.ai/","Pro plan Business plan Enterprise plan Bluedot Appoilication: Online meetings Business discussions Lecture recording Interview transcription Team collaboration Advantages : Saves time in note taking Accurate speech transcription Easy to use Works with Zoom, Google Meet, and Teams Helps organize meeting information Conclusion : Fireflies AI is a useful AI meeting assistant. It helps users record, transcribe, and summarize meetings automatically. This tool is very helpful for students, professionals, and teams.","Tab 21","19.LOOKA Link: https://looka.com/ Interface : Logo: Introduction : Looka is an AI tool used to create logos and brand designs automatically. Users can enter their business name and preferences, and the AI generates many logo designs. It is widely used by businesses, startups, and designers. Key features: AI logo generation Logo customization (colors, fonts, icon) Brand kit creation Social media design templates Easy drag-and-drop editor https://looka.com/","Version: Free plan Basic plan Premium plan Brand Kit subscription Application : Business logo design Brand identity creation Marketing materials Social media graphics Website branding Advantages : Easy to use Generates logos quickly No design skills needed Provides complete brand kit High-quality design files Conclusion : Looka is a useful AI tool for creating logos and brand designs. It helps users build a professional brand identity quickly. This tool is very helpful for businesses, startups, and designers.","Tab 23","20.DURABLE AI Link: https://durable.com Interface : Logo: Introduction : Durable AI is an AI tool used to create business websites automatically. Users can generate a complete website with text, images, and design in a few seconds. It is widely used by freelancers, entrepreneurs, and small businesses. Key features: AI website generation AI content and blog creation MBusiness name and logo generator Customer management (CRM) Invoice and marketing tools Version: Free trial Starter plan Business plan Enterprise plan https://durable.com","Internet Tools Library Application : Business website creation Online marketing Blog and content creation Customer management Small business management Advantages : Creates websites quickly No coding required Easy to use interfates Includes marketing and SEO tools Useful for entrepreneurs and small businesses Conclusion : Durable AI is a powerful tool for building websites quickly using artificial intelligence. It helps businesses create an online presence easily. This tool is very useful for freelancers, startups, and small businesses."]}